{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hey! This is our final project for iOS decal.\
\
When you first open the app, you see a blank table view with a search bar. You can search for any song, artist or album. Once you find the appropriate song you wish to play, you can click on it, where a preview of the song will play (since neither Milan nor I had Spotify premium we couldn\'92t play the full song). Also, in this beginning Table View Controller, you can also see the current playlist that you\'92ve made by clicking the button. If you click on the song, it will transition into another view controller where the album art as well as some cool background image will appear. In this View Controller, you can pause/play the song as well as add it to the playlist. If you add it to the playlist, it will then go to another table view controller and this song will appear on the table cell as expected. Now, from this Playlist Table View Controller, you have the option to click on a song from the playlist and play that song or go back and search for more songs by clicking the back button.\
\
One bug we have is that it is squaring the amount of songs we add to the playlist. For example, if we add two songs, the playlist will have those two songs in order twice. \
\
Hope you guys like this project,\
\
Sincerely,\
Ravi & Milan}